# A Collective Mind & Other Documents

The Collective Mind is a group of characters who are linked by a double-layered DID system generated by some cosmic scale lovecraftian yet deeply psychological horror.

Because of each body being part of the overlying system, they feel a massive pull to each other through Empathy. As this is an unavoidable pull, they are all part of a multi-species poly queer platonic relationship. Though, they all have the same skin/fur color of orange.

The original people in the bodies where cast away when the double-layered DID system generated and have been stuck for ~500 years in a mental prison with no sense of time. 

## A warning
Some of these documents are incredibly heavy hitting and should not be read if you are in a trigger ready state. These include themes such as suicide, plural dormancy, and others.

## Licence
This project is under CC-BY-SA 4.0 with exceptions. See the licence file for more details.

This project is also "licenced" under the NT-CC in-charecter Licence (humourus)

## Acknowledgements 
This project is very much community written as it is written by me. I couldn't have written it if I wasn't roleplaying on ss14, and some documents are actually written by people anyways!

Needless to say, I'm accepting contributions.

## Discord Threads
* [A Collective Mind](https://discord.com/channels/1272545509562777621/1523664382876450917)
* [Ping - Flashclone Series](https://discord.com/channels/1272545509562777621/1487357703331250197)
